Sto faqs doc 1797 v2 (#1270)
harness/developer-hub: docs/frequently-asked-questions/harness-faqs/security-testing-orchestration.md

- [Why don't I see results from specific scans in the Security Testing Dashboard?](#why-dont-i-see-results-from-specific-scans-in-the-security-testing-dashboard)
<!-- TOC end -->

### What is a security scanner?  

A _security scanner_ is a tool that scans a software target and detects security issues and vulnerabilities. Examples of target types include code repos, container images, and websites. Developers, DevOps engineers, SecOps engineers, and others often include scanners at different phases of the software development life cycle. A wide variety of scan tools are available, such as:

* Static Application Security Testing (SAST) tools that scan source code, binaries, or byte code. 
* Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) tools that scan running applications.
* Software composition analysis (SCA) tools that scan the open source software in used in code repos.
* Container scanning tools that detect issues in running containers. 

The following pictorial highlights a typical SDLC process.

**Proactive security testing**

![](./static/sto-faqs-00.png)

### How many scanners does STO support?

> STO supports many popular scanners. For a list of all supported tools, see [Security Step Settings Reference](/docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/security-step-settings-reference.md#scanners-target-types-and-scan-approach). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STO supports many popular scanners. For a list of all supported tools, go to the [Security Step Settings Reference](/docs/security-testing-orchestration/sto-techref-category/security-step-settings-reference.md#scanners-target-types-and-scan-approach). 
```

### Do similar category tools show identical issues?

In theory, similar scanners should identify similar issues for the same target. In practice, however, different scanners often identify different vulnerabilities for the same target. Even similar scanners can produce results that have no similar issues.  

### What is an STO Target? 

Every instance of a scanner has a specific _target_, which is the object or software/code artifact it is set up to scan. It might be a repo, a container, or an instance and for some scanner categories, an artifact maybe collection of configuration files.  A _baseline target_ refers to a master branch or foundational/baseline software artifact against which developers wants to compare new/incremental code. 

STO supports the following test targets and form factors:
* Repository
* Container
* Instance
* Configuration 

> ![](./static/sto-faqs-01.png)

Reviewer: For accessibility, consider converting this image of a table into an actual table.
